Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
He's ahead of the field, blazing in.
Lakers by seven!
This is Marv Albert from the Forum in LA.
And the Knicks in big trouble
as they move to the front court.
Going from right to left
Cummings takes the one-bounce.
A flip for King. It's batted away!
Magic Johnson on the steal!
He's down the left side and goes baseline!
He's trapped! Throws back out.
To Worthy. A head-fake,
now the jumper. It is good!
Only 10 seconds left.
The Lakers are burying the Knicks!
The Knicks have come back from the dead
before, but not tonight!
2L-16, Tack 2.
Come in, 2L-16.
Respond, 2L-16.
Sergeant Leary says to remind you,
you owe him $50 on tonight's game.
And that he'd be happy to take
your money on the Knicks anytime.
Come on!
Give it to him!
Where is it?
Give me what's mine, you understand?
It's mine and I want it now!
Look at this! Look what I found.
This is mine, baby.
Freeze!
All right, hands out of your pockets,
away from your body.
Suck wall!
Get your feet back. Back! And spread them!
All right, wider! I said, wider!
You ought to be ashamed of yourself,
picking on a guy half your size.
- Nice shot, kid!
- Good shot, Joey.
Hit him!
Don't move.
Don't even breathe.
We have come to mourn and honor
not only the passing of a friend...
but of a fine police officer.
An officer who was an example to us all.
Samuel Edward Makin died as he lived...
defending the American way.
That is why I feel more pride than sorrow.
For Samuel Makin made
the ultimate sacrifice.
He did so willingly...
and no man can hope to do more.
His body may be returned to the earth...
but his spirit will live forever.
We, your fellow officers...
salute you, Sam.
Your duty done...
may you rest in peace.
Ready...
aim, fire!
I was shaving you.
Where am I?
Now don't worry.
Everything's going to be just fine.
That's not me!
What the hell have you done to me?
We did some work on you.
Just your face. Thank you, Nurse.
You'd better have had a damn good reason.
We did.
You were ugly.
Who's we?
You've been recruited
by an organization that doesn't exist.
Sam Makin is dead, pal.
Some nasty man shoved him
and his police cruiser into the East River.
I'm a pretty healthy corpse.
The operative word is "corpse."
You've got a new face, new fingerprints,
even a new name.
Williams...
Remo Williams.
A lot of thought went into it.
We needed someone,
and you were the best we could find.
Decorated cop, ex-Marine,
no family, no commitments.
If I'm the best you can find,
you're in pretty deep shit, pal.
Who the hell are you, anyway?
FBI? CIA? Salvation Army?
Who we are, are the people
who got you by the balls, Remo.
Besides, we need you.
Our cops are corrupt, our judges
are bought, our politicians are up for sale.
Everywhere you look, slime is on the loose.
You're going to be
the Eleventh Commandment.
"Thou shalt not get away with it."
You're the guy that set me up
in that warehouse, ain't you?
Nice job.
The name's MacCleary.
We'll get to know each other.
Enjoy the fruit...
Remo.
Jeez!
There you go, Mr. Mossler.
Soon you're gonna be
as snug as a little old bug in a rug.
Where the hell are you going
with my ambulance?
Turn left at the next intersection...
Remo.
Don't get any cute ideas, Remo.
"National Bank"?
- What, are you opening an account for me?
- Let's go.
What do these things do?
Keep track of your wardrobe?
I thought they figured out a way
to make them smaller.
These are the smaller ones.
- Come in, Mr...
- Williams, Remo Williams.
Good evening, Mr. Williams.
I'm Harold Smith. I'm the head
of the organization that just recruited you.
You call dumping me in the river
and reshuffling my face recruitment?
Yep. It works. Sit down.
Come on, my boy.
I know your ribs are hurting
like a son of a bitch.
Now sit down a minute.
Make yourself comfortable.
I'll tell you a little bit
about the way we work here.
Yeah, I've seen how you work.
You run black-bag operations,
you kidnap people.
You beat them up,
and nobody holds you accountable.
We're accountable, Mr. Williams.
- Let me guess. To the President.
- Yep.
And five of them before him.
I've lost track. I don't even vote anymore.
Sorry to disappoint you.
I'm voting with my feet.
Now you want to sit down?
I'm only going to say this once.
This is a wonderful country...
but our legal system doesn't work
the way it's supposed to.
I'm talking about people
who roam the halls of power with impunity.
Who corrupt and subvert the very principles
our constitution exists to uphold.
Your friend already gave me
the Gettysburg Address.
Has he?
Here's another one.
"Guard, protect and cherish your land...
"for there is no afterlife
for a place that started out as Heaven."
Charles M. Russell, Montana, 1926.
1926?
That's ancient history, Dad.
The computer said you were a smart-ass.
And you never heard of computer error?
Not this one.
Take a look at that innocent little box,
my boy.
It's hooked to all those
computers you saw downstairs.
Every scrap of processed information
in the United States comes through here.
If it's out there, I can find it.
It helps us keep track of the bad guys.
I can find out the temperature of your ass
in that chair, if I really want to know.
But it won't do everything.
And that's why we got you here,
Mr. Williams.
You're going to help remove
some of the filth in there.
I like that. That's nice.
It's a lot nicer than "kill," or "destroy,"
or "terminate with extreme prejudice."
That's what you're really talking about,
isn't it?
I think he's got it, Mr. Smith.
That's exactly what we're talking about,
Mr. Williams.
Suppose I say no?
Then you're a dead son of a bitch.
And we already got a coffin.
How big is this organization?
Just the three of us.
Mac here
will get you cleaned up and briefed.
You start work Monday night, Mr. Williams.
Here we are.
Nice pad.
First hit. No big deal. You'll get used to it.
Nothing like throwing in a man
at the deep end.
What's this guy done that's so special?
Come on, Remo, we run
on a need-to-know basis. You know that.
Don't take any chances. This guy's a killer.
Remember...
in, out, like a duck mating.
- Where are you gonna be?
- Right behind you.
How do you open this?
Speak English?
Does a nightingale sing?
Yeah...
- How do you get out of here?
- The same way you came in.
No good.
There's a guy outside
who wants me to knock off your boss.
I am here alone.
There is no one upstairs.
Okay, now look, let's not make
any trouble for each other.
All I wanna do is to get out of here.
It is too late for that.
Hold it! I don't want to kill you,
but I will if I have to.
I'll show you chop-socky,
you sawed-off little runt.
Chiun, what do you think?
He is very slow.
His reflexes are pitiful.
Poorly coordinated.
He is in wretched physical condition.
Impetuous.
And clumsy.
He moves like a baboon with two club feet.
However...
there is a feeble glint of promise in his eyes.
I think I can do something with him.
Good.
George S. Grove.
Born Albany, New York, May 10, 1933.
BA, Electrical Engineering, Parkson College.
Served two tours, supply sergeant,
Korean conflict.
In 1962, founded Grove Industries...
Advanced Weapons Technology.
Current projects. ;
CD-18 surface-to-air missile.
HARP. High Altitude Reconnaissance Probe.
Prototype for the Star Wars program.
Investigation, corporate tax evasion, 1979.
No charges filed.
1981. Suspected bribery.
Procurement, defense contracts.
After the disappearance of
Investigating Officer Murray Benton...
no charges filed.
There were three witnesses
alleged to have seen the murder of Benton.
No charges were filed for lack of evidence.
They disappeared, too.
If the Company can't get anything on Grove,
then you know he's good.
All I can promise is terror for breakfast...
pressure for lunch,
and aggravation for sleep.
Your vacations will be two minutes
when you're not looking over your shoulder.
If you live to draw a pension,
it'll be a miracle.
Are there any disadvantages?
Hell, I'm lucky I've lasted this long.
Tell me something, MacCleary.
- Can you dodge bullets?
- Nowadays, only if they come real slow.
Do I really have to live with him?
Chiun's probably
not crazy about the idea either.
He says you smell like hamburgers.
Top floor.
See you.
MacCleary.
If this turns out to be another set up,
you won't live to collect a pension.
I personally guarantee it.
Didn't I tell you,
we don't use that bang-bang stuff.
Your mind and your body
become your weapon.
That's what your new pal Chiun
is going to teach you.
Okay, so you caught me
with a couple of lucky shots.
But I got to hand it to you,
that bullet-dodging number wasn't bad.
I like the little thing you did with the gun.
You move like a pregnant yak.
Sit.
- Breathe.
- Breathe?
- Come on, you got to...
- Silence!
The fool chatters
but it is the wise man that listens.
Breathe.
Wait, is this the kind of training
where we sit around for 10 years...
and you tell me I'm big enough
to break a brick with my big toe?
You have come into the care of Chiun...
Master of Sinanju.
Sinanju is a village in Korea...
where all the fighting arts were born.
Kung fu, karate...
ninjitsu.
They are all but shadows.
Sinanju is the sun.
Most intelligent people know this already.
But it is apparent to me that you know
less than nothing. Pay attention.
You did not ask to be white,
so perhaps that is not your fault.
You did not ask to be here.
Perhaps that is not your fault, either.
So let us make this pact.
I will train you for your first service.
And then, I will return to my country.
Pressure. Nerve ends.
Sinanju.
Technique developed
since the birth of time...
by the most gifted race on Earth.
You always talk
like a Chinese fortune cookie?
Chinese!
The Korean is the most perfect creature...
ever to sanctify the earth
with the imprint of his foot.
Now we will breathe.
Breathe out...
slowly.
Do not gulp.
If you do not breathe correctly,
you do not move correctly.
Pitiful.
I can see the deadly hamburger
has done its evil work.
We must sweat the poison from your body...
and rebuild from the inside.
Now, we will proceed to lesson number two.
Follow, please.
What are you waiting for? Applause?
Midtown. 44th Street.
You are afraid.
Fear is nothing more than a feeling.
You feel hot, you feel hungry,
you feel angry, you feel afraid.
Fear can never kill you.
Purge your mind of fear
and believe in yourself.
Without that belief,
I can do nothing with you.
Now we will do it again.
But faster.
Grove High Altitude Reconnaissance Probe.
Program originally projected. ; $758 million.
Final assembly of prototype. ; $986 million.
Estimated cost at time of commission. ;
$1.22 billion.
These figures are in 1983 dollars.
The Prototype...
Currently, our friend Grove
is playing the D.C. charity circuit.
Big donor.
He's also big with the Star Wars crowd.
And he ought to be.
Half of them are on his payroll.
He's good. Real good.
No more Boy Scouts.
Yes, George.
This is interesting.
Someone's trying to enter a circuit
I had marked for special surveillance.
I wonder who the intruder is.
- What's the matter?
- I can't get what I'm looking for.
I hate to hear you say that.
Why should the HARP D.B.A. Cost-62
be restricted?
Maybe you've got cold hands.
Allow me.
See?
Do I sense frustration?
I'll bet you've had
a lot of experience with that.
If I continue to stroke these little keys here...
You might stunt your growth.
No, Lieutenant,
I'll seek satisfaction elsewhere.
Come in.
- Major Fleming.
- General, I have a problem.
The computer is classifying cost overruns
within the HARP database.
- You know what I think about computers.
- Sir, it's not a malfunction.
Maybe it hasn't been entered yet.
They're entered and available,
otherwise access would not be denied.
General, I'm the senior W.C.A.,
I should have access to that information.
There's no reason for it to be withheld.
Right. We do have a problem.
Just let me have a full report.
It'll be on your desk tonight, and, sir...
I really would appreciate action
by the time I return from Fort Baxter.
- Fort Baxter?
- The AR-60 test.
Grove infantry assault rifle.
Of course. The AR-60. You have a job to do.
But, Rayner,
let me give you a word of advice.
Never feel you have to overdo it.
You know what I mean?
It makes no difference to me
that you're a woman.
That's good news, sir.
If it's any reassurance, it makes
no difference to me that you're a man.
All right, what have you done with the food?
A Korean fingerboard.
What are you staring at?
- You can't see.
- I can see.
Then what're you wearing those for?
I wear glasses so that I may see more.
A Korean fingerboard.
Begin tapping your fingers.
Slowly at first and then increasing the force.
With time, your nails will become hard,
your fingers strong.
They will be able to do more than
just carry food to your face.
- They will become a trained weapon.
- Trained to kill?
Not kill. A truck kill.
Meat of cow, kill.
American assassins kill...
like butchers.
Masters of Sinanju, since the dawn of time...
have killed to promote harmony...
and to bring about a more peaceful humor
to the entire community.
We have done this throughout history.
For example...
Genghis Khan...
the Persian boy, Alexander...
- Robin Hood.
- Robin Hood?
A bandit. Louis Xlll. Napoleon.
Come on, Napoleon died in his bed.
Wrong.
All of them perfect assassinations.
You make it sound like a public service.
Professional assassination...
is the highest form of public service.
So I will persevere.
I have taken the Emperor Smith's gold.
And a Korean's word is his bond.
Place your hands behind your head.
I did not say keep them there.
Your reflexes are pitiful.
The seasons move faster.
No doubt, the result of all that filthy poison
you have been stuffing into your belly.
Do you know why
Americans call it fast food?
Because it speeds them
on the way to the grave.
As I feared, you have no sense of humor.
From now on, you will eat rice.
Eat rice and play with my fingerboard.
Great!
Keep it near you at all times.
Hang it on a wall.
How?
Find a nail.
- Good morning, Jim.
- Hi, Doc.
- How're you feeling this morning?
- Hey, never better.
Coach Jenkins came by last night.
He told me
that they're saving my place on the team.
When I'm out of here in a couple of weeks,
I'm going right back on that squad.
What's the matter, Doc?
I'm sorry, Jim. I've got to level with you.
The leg has got to come off.
No!
I was gonna be an all-American.
Well, now...
you can be all-American for courage.
Doctor, does Linda know?
There's something else
I've got to tell you, Jim.
What are you watching?
Your country's
one and only contribution to the art.
It concern family...
Iove, honor, and courage.
All that is noblest in the human spirit.
It's a soap opera, for Christ's sakes.
You'll spoil it.
It's pre-spoiled.
Look, it's 8:00 and I haven't eaten all day.
One minute to 8:00.
The trained mind does not need a watch.
Watches are a confidence trick
invented by the Swiss.
You would be better employed
developing your pitiful skills...
than whining about your belly.
Remember, perfection is a road...
- not a destination.
- I love it when you talk like that.
And I would love it if you would
kindly concentrate on your practice.
Keep the weight off your toes.
Every man is occasionally blessed with luck.
Now, down.
My pleasure. Down is easy.
What happened?
You rely on what you know,
not what you see.
What is your problem?
Pathetic.
Come on, it's only water. It won't bite you.
Move it.
I said, move it.
- Everything okay?
- Yeah, sure.
That's it, Damico, hide behind a leaf.
No one will find you there.
Don't just stand there!
Get down there and help Johnson!
Radio the base and get an ambulance
out here, on the double.
Yes, sir.
Hoffa, what the hell are you doing?
Break out your first-aid kit. Now.
About this new weapon, sir.
I want to tell you something.
- It's useless, sir!
- You're way out of line, soldier!
- Sergeant!
- Sir!
Assemble the company.
I want a weapons check.
Yes, sir.
Sergeant, I want your report
on my desk by 16:00!
Sir, we've got over 120 AR-60s
in this company!
You heard what I said. Get to it.
Yes.
General Watson.
Good morning, General.
We've got a problem, George.
I'm sure you can handle it, General.
A soldier's been killed by your new AR-60.
That's what they get paid for.
It blew up in his face.
I've got the report right here on my desk.
There'll have to be an inquiry.
Scott.
Scott, I suggest you lose that report.
I can't do that.
Listen to me, Watson.
Uncle Sam gave you your uniform.
Just about everything else you got from me.
Bury that report.
Thank you, General.
There's too many idiots
like him on the payroll.
Breathe.
Use the air.
Do not waste it.
- Relax.
Will you hang there all day...
or may we continue the exercise, please?
- Jesus.
- Concentrate! This is no time for prayer!
You are not here to sightsee.
That's it, kids. Lady Luck is watching you.
She's got her eyes on you.
She hasn't got all day. She's waiting
for a crap game in Bensonhurst.
Here we are, folks.
Seven hoops a dollar.
Everyone a winner. Sir!
You want to make
your grandchildren happy?
Drop a hoop on a bottle, win a prize...
and you're gonna see
their little faces light up.
And your money back, Gramps.
If you can tell me where you can buy
one of these genuine...
handmade Taiwanese beauties.
Just remember, I won it. He's mine.
So, if you will excuse me,
young Dr. Hastings...
I must get up to the theater and scrub up.
It's a dangerous operation.
It's never been tried before.
I promised that boy he's going to walk,
and he's going to walk!
Don't do it. If you fail,
it could mean a malpractice suit.
Think of your professional reputation.
That boy means more to me than
all of my professional awards combined.
- There's only one thing that worries me.
- What's that?
Whether his stepmother
will permit the operation.
You see...
she's my ex-wife.
Where's Jim?
- You shouldn't be here.
- I said where's Jim?
Miss, I'm sorry. You'll have to leave.
Nobody is going to stop me
from seeing my fiancиж.
- What did you say?
- Jim and I are engaged.
Tune in at the same time tomorrow...
for our continuing saga
of Beyond the Night.
Brought to you by Continental Airlines,
a new tradition in flying.
Jim is leaving the hospital.
Great.
- He's going to his mother's funeral.
- That's tough.
- But I think the nurse likes him.
- That's good.
However, there seems to be
some complication with the stepmother.
It would be better for you
to eat this can than what is inside of it.
Why must everything in this country
be covered with...
"Monosodium glutamate."
You can't even say it.
I can say "rat droppings."
It does not mean I want to eat them.
Tomorrow, if you work well, you may have
a teaspoon full of honey in your rice.
But I make no promises.
You heard the sound of my flexor tendons
as I squeezed the trigger.
And I saw the flutter of your metacarpals.
Not bad.
That's two bullets. Child's play.
When you can avoid six bullets,
then you will have accomplished something.
No rice.
No rice?
You forgot the rice.
Maybe we can grow some.
Maybe you will spare me
your feeble attempts at humor...
and save them for the shopkeeper
at the corner.
He has excellent Chung-ju rice.
You used the other four yesterday.
I reloaded.
With all due respect to the Major...
at this point in time, Ms. Fleming,
cost overruns are immaterial.
The Air Force cannot evaluate
HARP until HARP flies.
Exactly my point. Mr. Chairman...
if I may be permitted
to ask Mr. Grove a question.
When can we expect to see the HARP?
I can't believe what I'm hearing here today.
I've devoted my life
to developing better ways...
to defend this great country of ours.
I never raised the subject
of your patriotism, Mr. Grove.
I should damn well hope not.
If we could get back to the question at hand.
What about the CD-18, Major?
Three months ahead of schedule
and under budget.
Ready for testing next week.
Mount Promise. I know.
General Watson and I will be there.
I'm impressed. This girl's got a lot of guts.
- Who?
- Major Fleming.
She's the one
who tried to tap into the Grove circuit.
If she's not careful,
she'll wind up with her ass in a sling.
She's coming in to New York.
Maybe you'd better slow her down a bit.
Every time she mentions HARP,
our man Grove begins to get an itch.
I wonder why?
I want that bitch put on a very short leash.
Should be right up your alley, Stone.
Pick up your feet.
Float.
Congratulations, Chiun.
Bearing in mind
that nature snubbed him cruelly...
by denying him Korean birth...
I am not entirely dissatisfied.
- When will he be ready?
- Ahead of time, I think.
Excellent.
That means?
- Fifteen years.
- Fifteen years?
If I cut a few corners, 14 and a half.
Chiun, I need to borrow him for a while.
- Emily, Jim's your son.
- I'm only his stepmother.
But Margaret told me something
just before she died.
What's that?
Jim's your son, too.
Is it painful?
I was singing an old Korean love song.
The race must be practically extinct.
Chiun, do you mind if I ask you something?
- Two more minutes.
- No, I mean...
how old are you? You are old, aren't you?
For an apricot, yes.
For a head of lettuce, even more so.
But for a mountain,
I am not even begun in years.
For a man, I am just right.
Now I know, don't I?
You ever been married?
I am the Master of Sinanju.
No women. Vows of celibacy. Eunuch.
That sort of stuff?
You are trying to say something?
No, just...
What I'm saying is I've been cooped up
in this rat hole for a whole month...
- working my...
- Sex.
Yeah, sex! Now you're cooking.
Maybe it's the breathing and the rice...
Lesson 36.
The 20 steps designed
to bring a woman to sexual ecstasy.
Though I personally have rarely found
it necessary to go beyond seven...
to achieve bliss.
Go on, I'm listening.
With the left hand,
you locate the woman's pulse.
Then, with the middle finger...
and tapping in time with the pulse...
Then what?
Then you may put the rice in the bowl
and we may eat.
What was the number
of the lesson this morning?
Wasn't 36, I know that.
You would call it "four."
I would call it "embarrassing."
You know, Chiun,
there are times when I really like you.
Of course. I am Chiun.
- Then there are times when I could kill you.
- Good!
We will practice that after dinner!
Major Fleming?
Colonel Gayber is expecting you.
Major Fleming, sir.
Hello, Major.
I have the documents you requested.
- Hi.
That's a nice uniform.
Great buttons.
Buttons?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org